facts that no weak man would ever agree
on. Number one, a woman who knows her
worth stops being useful to lazy men.
Once you stop begging for effort, they
lose their advantage because you can't
play mind games with someone who finally
sees the game. Number two, when men
realize they can't benefit anymore from
you over giving and playing small, they
call you too much. They loved when you
kept giving without them [music] needing
to step up. So the moment you start
expecting, they call it attitude. Number
three, the world tells women to stay
humble so men can stay comfortable.
You're being praised for being down to
earth. As long as you're not too loud,
not outshining anyone, you are fine. But
when you start to be successful, you
start to love yourself out loud.
Suddenly, it's a problem. Number four,
men have to earn your nurturing before
you give it. He's not your project. He's
not your son. He's not your baby. If he
wants to enjoy your softness, he has to
create safety for it first. You
literally don't owe anything to a man.
Number five, being hard to get isn't
manipulation. It's selfrespect. You're
not difficult. You're just done with men
who bring nothing to the table. Being
selective is a woman's leverage, and
that's how you win. And number six, men
don't fear losing you. They fear losing
control over you. Once you stop
reacting, explaining, or chasing, their
power automatically disappears. And
that's exactly when the name calling
starts. Not because there is something
wrong with you, but because they can't
use you anymore. Confident women always
get labeled as cold, high maintenance,
or difficult. But let me tell you, this
has nothing to do with truth. It's
simply projection. As always, if you
want to know how to spot a true provider
man and how to become the woman he
naturally wants to invest in, download
my ebook, The Queen Treatment. Link in
bio.